Description for extensions (#82)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/deployment/general/general-info.adoc

== Managing Extensions

> Extensions are microservices which can be started, stopped or instantinated. Because there is a difference between extensions which are part of the runtime and extensions outside the runtime, an in-depth documentation as been added to explain some background. Please read carefully to avoid unwanted behaviour. For details see the xref:deployment/extensions/extensions.adoc[Extensions] documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extensions are microservices which can be started, stopped or instantiated. Because there is a difference between extensions which are part of the runtime and extensions outside the runtime, an in-depth documentation as been added to explain some background. Please read carefully to avoid unwanted behavior. For details see the xref:deployment/extensions/extensions.adoc[Extensions] documentation.
```

----
====

> NOTE: This configuration file must contain *ALL* configuration details for this extensions, see the xref:configuration-of-ocis[configuration arithmetics] for more details. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: This configuration file must contain *ALL* configuration details for this extension. See the xref:configuration-of-ocis[Configuration Arithmetic] for more details. 
```

> // fixme: tell the reason, it uses the same PID...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// fixme: tell the reason, it uses the same PID...
// Because its part of the ocis process. Added a little above.
```

* For binary releases +
`$HOME/.ocis/config/`
+

> NOTE: You can define a deviating from default configuration file location on startup using the environment variable `OCIS_CONFIG_FILE`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: You can deviate from the default location and define a custom configuration file location on startup using the environment variable `OCIS_CONFIG_FILE`.
```
